Yes, I'm making youtube videos.
Laugh at other people's jokes and get money
Look at his eyes. Tells stories of ancient Viking battles *
Joke you, I do not make any money!
Video Get Monitay - Demonie - No
* Intensifies Ay *
Any mani (n) ie
* The intensification of Ay *
E
How are you poor people?
Check out my latest car!
That's right, very impressive, I know. What is this in the back?
This is short, you can not afford the expense of buying it
That's right, I'm so rich!
I'm just kidding! Haha! Have you got this old mistake?
This is a projector screen
* Double Pods *
You can do more of the things on the projector screens
Hey, see now, I ... uhm ...
* Check where pewds is now in 3 *
* Check where pewds is now in 2 *
* Check where pewds is now in 1 *
I'm in India now ...
(Nice stray triggering skills)
I'm just kidding
Look. Now, I'm in Guatemala
* Life choices questions that led to this moment *
This green screen of Elgato.
I will put their own link. In the description at the bottom of the video
If you want to check them. This is a genius thing!
If you have a green screen, they are the ugliest - but they look amazing on videos
They can actually improve the quality of your content and put yourself already there
But if you use the green screen
It takes a lot of space and looks ugly
And be shaky
Many of them are cheap and bad
You need to illuminate them correctly
So you need to get all these lighting equipment
With this child,
I say this from the bottom of my heart.
I mean - I was never more honest
They have never been more realistic about promotion
(Welcome to Hell Army 9 years old)
This makes my life much easier.
You know that I used to be a Rogger before this and-
Previously I had a giant box on the roof, and that was it
The progacter I painted in green only.
I paid for it more than this Elgato thing
So, as you make videos, visit Elgato
Definitely #Spons
But also very cute
"Now go to the Felix video, please."
"Can you stop selling things to us?"
"You literally just make fun of us for being poor."
You are right
Put the jokes in the comments below
I will choose my favorites
In the next episode of
YIAY
What jokes did you make this week?
I can not wait!
The real reason for the loss of Sweden last night
Published five days ago
Sweden lost because Germany played well
Pakistani Federation! No.
Sweden lost because they played badly
Pakistani Federation! No!
No, Sweden lost because they did not worship Zlatan before the game
Pakistani Federation!
No
Sweden lost because Pewdiepie did not give us an extra punch
The extra joke died.
Jesus Christ
Absorbed
Haha
Good cash
WALLLMAART!
Brothers Paul
When fighting intensifies in the UK KSI
I just start yelling
PRIIIIMARK
I vote for Pewds to do critiques of other countries
HMMMM
I would have done about Sweden, but
So that I do not seem to hate these other countries
But there is nothing funny about Sweden
There is nothing but jokes about her community. And it is not funny
Thank you bus driver, very cool.
Thank you
Well done!
You know, what do you want about Trump
But at least thank the bus driver
Vote if you want Pewds to display his own viewers' analytics on YouTube
To see how many are actually nine years of age in the army.
Okay. Well, let's just take a look ... as you can see here
They are all 9 years old.
The 13-year-olds had minimal attention
(Get Kids GUD! YEETn't)
Select All boxes
Features a dishwasher
* Clap clap * Meme * Meme: Felix, do not feel too good *
Oh
Jokes about sex
I have seen this rift as the best loss
Ooga Booga-booga Sleepy Sleepy She's sleepy now
Thanks for coming here, hypnosis.
hypnosis?
hypnotist
Where is the director? -he's there
Well, well bye guys
Lost in another universe
very nice.
Is this the art of my fans?
(Why are we here?)
(Only to suffer)
what the hell? It looks like I have a hedgehog on my face
It's not so accurate
Women reveal two words they like to hear during sex
Meme * Clap * Revie- * Clap * God damn it
Hahaha
WAAAALLLLMAARTT
Coca Cola
Your health has been stolen
Disney
Your childhood has been stolen
Porn movies
You stole your innocence
Pewdiepie
Steal the content of your videos
I give you content
It's different. definitely
Last night, someone edited our Wikipedia page
To say it is from our family. And bring security in our offer,
I entered the green room and ate the beer with the boys
Spargo, you are a legend
My wedding day, boys
What an absolute absolute madness
Internet is slow again
Either my son downloads porn movies **
Or my daughter is loading it
Smiling smile on the camera *
This mistake is very logical because it made me laugh
Really funny
Everything is upvote. Everything is upvote it's all UPVOTE
Well, this video was filmed 7 years ago by Pewds. Back to me advised to watch it (wrong spelling)
I think you are already 9 years old
Congratulations
This has 8 million viewers?
This is madness
On Friday with Pewdipi - make your own entries in the suit
I will see the submissions in the next episode of
LWIAY
Well done, good joke.
That was great, Vooltex Foda.
She prepared our hope. Well done!
Yes, I create Youtube videos
Laugh at the jokes of others and get money
*speechless*
The trick has fallen on you
I do not earn any money
Because the videos do not get funding
Upvo- NOooooOOO
Upvote
New EU laws prohibit jokes
Add confusion so the filter does not detect it
That's what Brad and I have been doing for years
Whenever we have to use voice recording from the Internet
We used it for a short period. So that it is not detected
Before it becomes 15 seconds.
This is literally what we do
Our whole life is such a rift
This is not a joke. it is life
* Laughter silent *
Quite frankly
So **
Can I stop the insults, please?
Dear Pewds
As a loyal admirer of yours, we can not help but notice
You seem very nervous in your recent videos
I think I'm talking about the 9-year-old army when I say
calm yourself ,
No one cares about your depression
I have never been proud
You guys understand
Finally, I have an audience ...
LESO GROUP OF ***
I spent hours making this bird speak
* Birds sing
If she laughed!
You are losing
(Remix)
Fantastic editing
* Blast *
Forged. It's fake. Okay
It's not funny if it's fake.
Do not waste my time with this.
Curse
You have made some modifications here
(A) (a) j (a) 135
Well done
Nihon-jo Hello
Pewds, they still continue to eat your pictures. Show them some mercy
If he continues to eat my picture
If this continues, I will have to eat his image
* Applause clap *
92% will not understand this joke
Are you one of those 9%
You seem to be not strong in math?
Obviously this is aoosh-ception
As the bird said, "I can not laugh at my joke if it's fake.
Who is writing an explanation on the videos. killing me
Realize that he can not come up with a joke in time because he is not creative
And he gets all the comedic balance of his fans and editors.
Hey,
You know - that's it
This is the flag of the European Union. ? Yeah
As you know it is apparent to all? Yeah
So, making it in his joke will not really change anything
Logical
So stop making those mimes
On July 5, we must only publish pictures of the EU flag
Until they become jokes
Then they block themselves
My God! This is a genius!
Finally, we will fight with fire. * Playing the American national anthem *
There will be no ban on jokes
Under my supervision
Right. Can we get some military sound?
My colleagues are 9 years old,
On 5 July
We'll hit them
At dawn.
We will fight them with their own machine guns.
CopyReader
Right
Criticism of European Union flags.
Vote for this video
If you want another LWIAY